Bought 2 of them.easy to carry.work done without any issue.
Been using it for about a year, still going good. A little care while assembly and disassembly recommended as it is a delicate but sturdy item.I use it for my 15.6 laptop to use it as a second screen with a monitor + wireless keyboard and mouse setup.It handles the laptop weight nicely. Although I don't type on the laptop when on stand, it feels sturdy enough to handle typing while using it.The rubber pads given for grip do wear and drop off on dragging it on the tabletop, thats only one thing that could be improved. Overall a good buy.
Very light weight and good quality material..
Good quality, easy to carry and flexible, sleek.. felt slightly heavier in weight. Definitely worth buying
Compact and good, easy to carry around.
These designs are good if you are planning to use it on a desk with an external keyboard.Little inconvenient if you want to usethe laptop keyboard, as the tilt is very high. Have to settle for the last (6th) slot. But the legs barely get secure into the last slot due to the angle created by the legs, so it can be a little delicately balanced. Slots 1-5 are fine. Since I want to use it on the bed as well, I have used a cable zip tie to secure both the legs This way it's convenient to move from desk to bed and vice versa, as the legs stay firmly in place. Have attached pictures.Very light and compact design. But not sure if it's worth the price.
What i like1. It is compact and easy to carry once folded. (But I just keep it on my desk)2. Once it has been set up its pretty solid and stable, my mac book pro does not wobble or move3. Like the adjustable slots. This allows us to increase the height of the laptop monitor4. The laptop looks really good sitting on it. Gives a studio look when used with multiple monitors.What could be better1. Something about the adjusting bars which are put in the slots can be made better. The fitting is a bit loose, this could have been made a bit better.2. The top part where the laptop sits has a X shaped support which provides stability. But the bottom part which sits on the table does not have the X. The entire structure would have been sturdier if the X would have been on both top and bottom part.  This will be felt by people who are using this on the move and keep on changing the position. Not to worry if this always sits in a desk  in one position.
Little expensive, but does a good jobI use my laptop mostly. At times ipad and phone. It suits all 3 devices perfectly with adjustable frames.
Max of 7 inches is the height with this stand, could have been better if offered an height of 10 inches

